Docs: updating link to docs. (#8566)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/framework/guides/contributing/contributing.md

### Code style

> Read more in the {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style code style} guide, including the {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style#naming naming} and {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style#file-names file names} guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more in the {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style code style} guide, where you can also check the {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style#naming naming} and {@link framework/guides/contributing/code-style#file-names file name} guidelines.
```
